add basic notes to test locally (#2)
2i2c-org/nasa-qgis-image: README.md

# NASA QGIS image with Linux Desktop

An image for running QGIS in a Linux Desktop in the cloud,
with special focus on using various NASA related datasets.

# Test Locally

To build, run and test the image locally:

> Checkout this repository, and in the code folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout this repository, and after `cd`ing into the repository's directory:
```
